David Ogden is a stupid fool who will get beat on the
tennis court. This is a test, but true. This
is an interview with General Andrews. Today is the
3rd of August, 1981. This is Terry Anderson. Let's
start, General, with where and when you were born,
and then let's talk about your parents. I was born
on a farm. about 12 miles northeast of Caldwell,
Texas, on August the 22nd, 1916.
My father
was a rancher, small ranch, small cattle. But his
primary position was a wildcat oil driller. He
drilled several wells, and one specifically,
which was a dry well, was on the property in Snook,
Texas, which is now a very productive well here
recently. Unfortunately, he died at the age of 34
and caused what we now call hepatitis. Then they
called it yellow jaundice. But he'd been very
prosperous in terms of prosperity at that time in
that he had at that early age had bought and paid for
the farm, had several hundred head of cattle, and
was one of the first ones to have a Ford, a Model T,
with bumpers as a kid. I remember that because we
went to Caldwell and a crowd farmed around it,
looking at these bumpers, you know, really fancy.
But he died at that early age. I was only five years
old. Do you remember how large the farm was? Well, I
still have it. Oh, you do? It's 151 acres that we
owned, but at that time, the range was open. You
could go, so cattle ran outside. In addition,
usually the farm produced corn and beet stuff, and
cotton, too. Most of it was beet stuff. And from our
farm, you could go eight miles to the railroad.
That was all open land, no fencing. And you could go
towards the community of Hicks six miles in that
direction with no fences. And so the cattle would
run free except those with cans or to keep those up.
And with bells on them. And we had different tone
bells. And you could go out and look for them. And
you could hear and recognize which small herd
because they weren't all together. But then after
he passed away, When was that?
In the 1920s? Well, let me see. I was five years old,
so five was 1921.
My mother moved to Caldwell, and it was kind of
downhill, and the Depression was going on. I had a
sister. She's deceased now. For us to go to school,
I wasn't old enough to go to school, but she went to
school. She worked as a seamstress, because when
he died, all income stopped. Of course, we still
had the farm, but the kids had to have an education.
So we moved to Caldwell, and she was a seamstress.
And she remained single to put us through school,
which she did. I graduated from Caldwell High
School in 1934.
But during those years, even though we would be
considered poor, we didn't know we were poor. We
had enough to eat and clothes to wear. We didn't
have a car. That car I just described, that Model T,
was sitting back on the farm in a shed. And it
deteriorated through the years, which is really
pitiful. We finally sold it out for a small amount.
But we had a car. My mother didn't drive and
couldn't support a car anyway. My grandparents
lived on the farm and continued on with the, well,
very few cattle. I mean, everything went down
thanks to what my father had done. What type of
education did your father have? He didn't
graduate from high school. I think he went through
about the ninth grade and went immediately into
business in the oil business. And how he got
started in the oil business at that early age, His
brother-in-law in Beaumont, Texas was out in
Spinnletop. They had a lease out there. The
Spinnletop boom happened a few years before,
early 1900s. But it was still a boom. I'll never
forget going out to Spinnletop the first time. You
just see acres and acres of oil wells, derricks. Of
course, they did it differently. because you put
up a permanent derrick because every few months
you had what they call pull the well. You had to pull
out all those pipes and flush out because the mud
type of formation would get there and slow down the
flow. So they used those derricks for that
purpose. And so every derrick had a lot of long
pipes in reserve.
He
loved his horse. I remember that the horse was
named Jim. And he would ship his horse to Beaumont.
So each time he'd go, in those days it was simple
because all you had to do was call up the Santa Fe
Railroad and order a stock cart. And it would stop
and just lead the horse right aboard. And you could
either ride with the animal in the caboose or, of
course, take a passenger train, which you usually
take a passenger train because you'd be there
ready to see the horse.
Do you ever remember if your father died when you
were five, do you ever remember him? Oh, yeah. What
were your impressions? What type of man he was?
Tremendous. Of course, being five years old,
obviously, you feel attached to your father
because he would play with me. He was a member of the
Masons and Woodman of the World, I guess, or the
other. And his watchbot was here, and I remember I
used to, he'd throw me up, and I'd crawl around and
play with that watchbot. And he was driving the
car, as I described, when we went to Caldwell on
that particular occasion. I remember him
saddling up the horse, which was a beautiful
horse, a gun horse named Jim. And he's very devoted
to his children and to his wife. Now, he met my
mother, and this is interesting too. In those
days, Bell Telephone didn't, it wasn't even
existence in the countryside. It existed
somewhere, I'm sure. But the telephone service
was privately owned. He, in addition to the
cattle, had been an oil and wild cattle. He owned a
division, meaning that he owned the, telephones
and also the line. And it goes into a switchboard.
My mother, when she was a young girl, was a
switchboard operator at Goss, Texas. Now, you
know, it's practically nothing but a few stores.
But that used to be, you know, cotton gin there and
banks and just all the train stops there. It was
sort of a business center. She was a switchboard
operator. And my father's part of the line went in
to the switchboard at Goss. So he met my mother
then. First time he ever heard of her. He talked to
her on the telephone, you know. So he asked her for a
date and that sort of thing. So that's how their
romance commenced. How much education did your
mother have? Just about ninth grade also. And
that's because they attended country schools.
Sure, and that's pretty cool. And then they didn't
have buses, and it's too far to ride a horse.
They'll bug you if you're out in the boondocks. So
they'd go to the local school. In fact, my mother
attended a school in the community of Hicks when
she was growing up as a girl. And my father attended
a school. They don't have it anymore.
In fact, the community's not even there. I can't
even remember the name of it. Anyway, it was a
vicinity where he bought the farm. What type of
character or person was your mom? Real strong.
Strong-willed? Oh, yeah. She's a, well, to say she
raised us. Sure. She remarried, actually, while I
was at A&M. She stayed single all when she was young
and beautiful, really.
And she had several opportunities to marry, but
she didn't want her children to be stepchildren.
So my sister was teaching school, and I actually
married when my mother remarried. And then I was, I
guess I was a junior at the end. She married a real
fine guy. He's deceased too, both my mother and her
father. His name was Renfro. But she is a very
strong-willed woman. Woman determined? That's
right. What else? Very religious. And what
religion? Baptist. Strong Baptist. I'm a
Methodist, and so is my wife. I chained over. Oh,
yes, she was a really devoted Methodist. I'm
Baptist. She'd never miss a Sunday going to
church. And she took the children? Oh, yes. How
many brothers and sisters did you have? Just a
sister. And what happened to her? or is she still
living? No, she
graduated from high school in Caldwell and she
went to college for two years with Beaumont and
Lamar. I think Lamar had a different name. So she
went there two years and she lived with my father's
sister in Brooklyn, LaPilps. They had a great big
two-story house on a great, I guess, about an acre.
So she stayed there. But she fell in love with Frank
Bowers, who's also from Caldwell. Frank Bowers
had to graduate from high school. He went to
University of Texas. He became a pharmacist. And
so they lived in Houston. He was a pharmacist out in
that hospital complex. Nothing. It's a big
pharmacy that supported two or three of the
hospital. He's still alive, but my sister died at
age 58 of cancer.
As far as leadership is concerned, you said that
your father was in a lot of organizations. Was he
the leader of any of those organizations? Not to my
knowledge, no. Was your mother in any social
organizations back in Colville? Well, she
belonged to the... Woman's clubs or anything?
Well, she also, the Woodman's of the World also, I
think they have a ladies auxiliary. She belonged
to that. But she worked. She worked long hours. And
she didn't get much money for it either. But you
know, in those days, a dollar a day was just about
the going wage. And anybody that made more than
that was
a lot of people. Just like when we would get to A&M, I
worked for $0.25 an hour. Been delighted to get it.
Now, when you came home from school,
who took care of you and your sister? Well, my
mother did because she was working. She was a
seamstress then at home? Yeah. OK. It was a big
two-story house in Caldwell. It's no longer
there, right on the courthouse square. And she
worked with a lady named Mrs. Purdue. The two of
them worked together. And they had their sewing
room in the front part of the house. And Mrs. Perdue
had an apartment, two or three rooms. And we had two
rooms. So when we'd come home, of course, we'd
check in there. But like all kids, I was ended
because I lived right in town. There was a lot of
kids that lived across from the jail, for example.
And that was always interesting with the prison
and stuff. And we used to run errands for them. You
must go get some tobacco or some stuff. You got to
send the money down in a can on a string.
But speaking of leadership or influence, and I
think. And what way did your parents influence you
toward leadership, do you think? Your mother. I
don't know. They just wanted me to excel. To do
right and to attend school and be all of the
standards that you would expect as parents. But
see, I had no father, had no male influence, but the
one who really had influence on me growing up in
school was a football coach. Okay. Let's talk
about him. What was his name? Darby. E.E. Darby.
His nickname was Ox. And he's still alive, and he's
over in Colorado now, retired.
Great big guy. He was a star for four years at San
Marcos. Then that was Southwest Teachers
College, I think they called it there. And he was a
captain for two years, junior and senior year. So
he had all those sweaters, those days they gave
sweaters. He had them all the way from one strike to
the Those were the end of his senior year. He had two
stars for being a captain, you know, his junior
year, and then another strike. And he was a real
solid, fine individual. A disciplinarian, by the
way. Mimi. I'm sorry to interrupt. I'm a fellow.
I'd like you to meet my wife, Mimi. Oh, how are you?
Well, go on with your talk. OK. I apologize. I can't
offer you much. It's all right. I didn't have food.
Okay. Let's continue then about your coach. He was
a, as I was saying, he was a disciplinarian. Max
Darby. And, of course, like I do now, but also
there, not only did he coach baseball, football,
basketball, track, but carried a pretty heavy
academic load. Taught civics and history. And he
did all of those well. He didn't smoke. He didn't
drink until immediately. And he had no patience
for any high school kid that would smoke. And of
course, it appealed on us, because we were just
doing our best to please him, to keep him
conditioned. I wasn't very large. In fact, my
senior year, I weighed 150 pounds. But I really put
out. And he was my model, male model. Of course, I
never aspired to be a college football player. I
just thought if I could live my life like him, I
figured I'd be a great asset. The other one that had
a tremendous influence on me was the president of
the Caldwell National Bank named C.C. Nell. How do
you spell that last name? N-E-L-L-M-S. And of
course he's long deceased. But he was a kind,
He was the grandfather of my good friend, Nettie
Kaye, who he too is deceased now. So that's how I got
to know him. And he accepted me and his wife and
their home just as if I was one of the family. What
type of person was he? Well,
he was a very religious individual.
fault that I know that he ever had. He chewed the
backer, but he did it in a way that you had to really
know him to know because a great golfer. We didn't
have a golf course in Caldwell then. They have a
nine hole course there now. So he played in Bryan.
He doesn't go to church as much as I want to because
Sunday was his golf playing day. So I was going over
to Bryan. But he was a very good man. And he helped me
out on several occasions. For example,
When I was going to A&M my junior year, I had no money
to buy boots for the senior year and so forth. So the
association of ex-students, I guess they still do
that. You could borrow money from them. So I
borrowed money, and you need somebody to co-sign a
note. And I went into Mr. Naum, and he said, well,
this is kind of unusual for a banker to be
co-signing somebody else's note. that I'm happy
to help you. So after graduation and I got the money
and paid him back, I brought that council note back
to him and he liked it and wanted to question his
mind about it. But those were probably the two male
models since I had no father that I really
respected and admired. And what did you learn from
these two?
How did they influence you? Well, probably a male
lifestyle. Darby being much younger and being
disciplined and having high standards, both
physically, obviously, but also moral
standards. Nem's the same thing. Darby was single
at the time. Later on, he married. But Nem's had
this big home, nice furniture, and happiness, and
he just said, well, if you're going to strive for a
goal in the community, I would like to be patterned
after Ox Darby and attain the level of success as
Nelms did, or was at that time. Were they leaders in
their own right? Well, Nelms was. He was a leader of
the Chamber of Commerce.
Darby was a leader because he won district nearly
every year. In fact, the last time I talked to him, I
asked him, say, in your lifetime, one loss, what
was it? You know, you're always talking about Bear
Bryant and all that. That's the way that you
majored. He said, I really don't know. I said,
well, we didn't win district the year I played, but
you won it the year before. In fact, they won by
district. He said, well, we had some rough years
also. But he said, every time I was down and had a bad
year, they'd get ready to fire me. Just before they
fired me, we had a successful year. So he was a
football coach there for, I guess, 25 years. And I
wish I knew he had won a loss record, because I know
it is really a fair favor. Because he just didn't
lose in any game. But we won more games the year that
I played I was out for four years. I came out when I
was a freshman. I was a scrub, you know. And what
position did you play? In, right in. But my senior
year, I made the team and played right in and didn't
miss a quarter the entire season. In those days...
Were you a tight end? Well, we didn't. Different
formations. And you played offense and defense.
And you really had to be hurt to be taken out of the
game because After you once was taken out in a
quarter, you couldn't come back that quarter. And
you had four quarters. And you played offensive
defense. You didn't have near the number two. And a
formation that then we had
a short punt formation. They called it short punt
because you weren't going to punt, but you lined up
very similar. And of course, you had double wing
back. Center always centered, you know, back. In
other words, you sort of play, call it a shotgun
now, but that's what you played every time then
because just getting the quarterback underneath
the center, that's a late development. Were you in
other sports? Well, I played basketball, but I
never was on it. I went out for everything. What
about other activities in school? Scouting, I was
a big boy scout. Very active in the church.
Baptist, you know that? B-Y-P-U, Baptist Young
Peoples.
I even, and I was very religious in the sense that I
participated in all the activities. We had a
prayer meeting on Wednesday night. All of the
young people did. They didn't have TV. Radio was
just coming along. And it was static. It was
terrible. So the church and school was our whole
entire element in life. And not many cars. All
families didn't have cars. Those that did, well,
the reason I say we didn't have a car, but I didn't
know it was poor, My friends had a car. And they
treated me as if I had a car. It wasn't the case that
you get your car today and I get mine. So I'd say the
church and the school, and we were very much closer
to teachers then than children are now. We called
us a school activity. Plays, for example, that was
a big deal, you know, playing. Trying out for the
plays and putting on the plays. But sports I loved,
even though I was small. I went out and did my best to
ever win, including track.
Were you a leader in any of these groups? No, I
wouldn't say I was a leader. You participated, but
were you like the president of the student finance
or the captain of the football team? No, I was never
captain of the football team. So your leadership
ability came later. Well, I wouldn't be so.
arrogant to say that leadership, I've been lucky
all my life. Things turned out for me.
You might even say maybe leadership was thrust
upon me. Well, you assumed the role of leadership
then later in your life. I would say that without
being a president of any
society or activity,
I was considered a leader in our group. in the
church. Sort of an informal leader. In what way?
Well, the ones who suggest doing certain things.
We had a quartet. I can't sing, but at least I was in a
quartet. And I'd be the one who would suggest maybe
when we would rehearse, or where we would
rehearse, and that sort of thing. Along, of
course, with the support of the one who's
functioning at the time.
What were your favorite subjects when you were in
high school? I guess history was one of my
favorites.
You mean what other besides history? No, just...
Would you have considered yourself well-liked or
popular in high school? Yeah. I played in the band
all the time. I went out for all activities. Seems
like you did everything. How were your grades?
About average.
I had one or two teachers, but I was sort of a
favorite. I got better grades than them. Really a
good-looking woman. Of course, she was young. She
looked old, didn't she? And named Miss Welch. But
all through school, as you know, as your name
starts today, you always get seated in the front.
And now nearly every class, we're sitting up first
seat or right near the teacher. But I think history
is the thing because it intrigued me, especially
to read and study about outstanding people.
There have been forms of mankind and culture Now,
when you graduated in 1934, did you have a firm set
of aims? I mean, did you know exactly what you
wanted? Did you have any idea of what you wanted to
become in future life? Yep. What was that? Well, I
wanted to be a professional lawyer, but I wanted to
be a professional soldier. You did? Yeah. Did you
have any taste of the military before you
graduated from high school?
You see that I was a joiner. I joined the National
Guard when I was in high school. I was very naive
because I didn't realize I was falsified when I
signed it. And nobody said, hey, you're supposed
to be 18 years old. You're not 18 yet. And the reason
why there was no problem with that is that The
National Guard in those days, very small. We had, I
think, 110 in the company in Caldwell. They had a
company there, infantry. And I've already
mentioned, first I was a Boy Scout. I loved the
uniforms. I liked to camp out and do those things.
And I was in the band, playing in the band. And there
was an officer in National Guard Austin, Waco,
named Napoleon Rainbow.
He says, in addition to the 143rd band, says, this
summer at Palacios, Texas, we want to have a drum
and bugle corps. So he sent out the word. Well, our
company commander,
named Ockridge at the time, asked if we were
interested in joining the National Guard and
going to Summer County. I said, oh, yeah. Well, I
get very much since I played the drum, snare drum.
That was my thing. So I joined the National Guard
and went there and liked it very much. And so I
continued on participating in the drills. Of
course, once again, those days you got a dollar for
drills once a week. Sure. That was a lot of money for
a kid in high school. And so I continued on. And then
when I went to A&M, I didn't know at the time, but you
just didn't join the National Guard. And then when
you stopped going to drill, they dropped your name
ball. You were put into the, I think it's called
now, inactive reserve. But you're still not
only eligible, but you still really have a
commitment to continue on to fulfill your
enlistment. Well, later on, it turned out Fine,
because when World War II came along, lo and
behold, I found that I could claim longevity pay
because they forgave anybody and you could go
back. Anybody who signed up, regardless if you
were 16 or 17 or whatever it was, you were still a
member since you had that commitment. And they
overlooked, I guess is a better word, it was a law
that said all service before age 18 We'll count for
long days. Now, I wanted a career in the military. I
wanted to go to A&M. Why? The seniors, that's the
reason why I have boots and spurs. It really has an
impression on you. I like scouts. I like the
military. And there weren't many people
graduating, going to A&M. This was all during the
Depression and before then, I think. So they would
come from A&M to Caldwell for whatever reason, the
seniors, with their boots on. I'll buy a guy some
day, I don't know, a lot of those boots. And I'm not
proud of them, I don't have any money. So once
again, I was lucky.
Doc Mize had been
became the band leader at Allen Military Academy.
I don't know what ever happened to Doc Meyers, but
he was a well-known individual. At Baylor, he had a
band, and his claim to fame was he could play two
clarinets at the same time. Two reeds, and then his
clarinet ended for long.
So he had just arrived at Allen Academy, And Nat
Allen, this is the old man, I don't know, did you
know Nat Allen, Jr.? Of course, he's about my age,
he's not so young. This is his father, who owned
Allen Academy, being then a private, he owned it
the other time. So he was expanding his band. So he
came over and talked to me and said, say, why don't
you come to Allen Academy? I said, I'd be
delighted, but I don't have any money. He said,
well, I can get you a scholarship. You work in the
mess as a waiter.
But you'll have to raise some money for tuition. It
wasn't very much, but the main cost was a room and
board. My sister was teaching school, and she
could loan me the money for the tuition. So I got the
Allen Academy. And now I was a stepping stone,
hopefully, to A&M. But also, there was a
possibility that I could get an appointment at the
military academy because it was an ROTC
honor-rated school, and they took one graduate
each year to the military academy. So I thought
maybe this would be my break. So I went to school
there, but unfortunately for me, there's an
officer from West Texas named Windorf. from the
town. You know, there's a lot of Czechs and he's a
Czech. West Texas is a Czech community. And he was
really good in math. So he got the appointment for
the military academy. Now my problem, how am I
going to A&M? Still no money. So...
How long did you stay at Allen? One year. Actually,
Allen at that time was one year and a half. And you
can transfer I don't know what it's called. It's a
junior college now, ain't it? No. It's back to a
high school. And A&M would accept. So many
students went there, and then went to A&M, and
their sophomore year transferred.
So I
can't recall his name now, but he was married to Nat
Allen's sister, of course the Allen family owned
the school. And he talked to me and he was the
assistant to the head of the dairy husbandry
department, C.N. Sheperson. I think he's
deceased now too, I think I read it several years
ago. But he was the head of the, well he became head
of the, what's the department now? Agricultural
department, do they have that now?
That's a dean, isn't it? Well, he was a dean then,
Dean Shepparton. So he told me if I wanted to go to
A&M, he thinks he could get me in with a job. But I'd
have to major in dairy husbandry. I said, I don't
care what the major is. I just want to go to A&M.
So he arranged for me to go in the summer, the fall .
So I transferred my credits. So I was down on the old
dairy farm. Then on the dairy farm, it's all gone
now. Behind the creamery, there was a row, eight
single houses. Each of those, one was occupied by
an employee with his family. The rest of them were
rooms that students could live in while they were
going to school. So I got a job, 25 cents an hour,
shoveling manure. And you know, the dairy cattle
go all around. And then when they took them into the
stall, the milking they had. You'd shovel it out?
Yeah, to clean out all that stuff. You'd put it into
a wagon. And some of the other tasks was hay. I
remember that was the toughest job, unloading hay
off of a truck. And you had to put it way up in the top.
of the barn, and it was hot inside. So that was the
type of work I was doing during the summer, and
going to summer school. Then I discovered, to my
chagrin and shock, that I wasn't on the list to live
in those houses during the fall,
because they had commitment to the others. They
were coming back. Where did you live? Well, this
employee, and I can't remember his last name. His
first name was Joe. He heard about my plight, and he
said, say, I'll tell you what. I'll fix up my back
porch. It was partially enclosed anyway with
glass, but not all of it. But he said, I can get a map
down on the screen here, and that still is going to
be pretty cold, but it doesn't make any difference
because I want to sleep there. And so I started out
that way. So my first year at A&M, I lived on the back
porch of one of those houses. The next year, of
course, I got a roof with a roof maker. In what dorm?
Pardon? In what dorm? No, not on campus. Oh, still
on campus. Still down in the town. In fact, I lived
there the entire time. So it was convenient to work
there. My working hours, we used to get up at 4
o'clock in the morning and work in the creamery and
work until first class. Of course, leaving in time
to walk on campus. Well, that's really on campus,
quick walk through the classroom. But the next
year, I
was able to work in the creamery. Now, that was a
real good job, you see, because you wore white
starch coveralls what you do for a pasteurized
milk. First, starting off like I was, the bottom of
a washed bottle.
Then we haul the milk to the dining hall, and we
bring back the empty bottles. Of course, we have to
wash them and pasteurize the milk, fill them up,
and get them back in routine like that. So in the
creamery, that was the least desirable job. And I
spent most of my time doing that the first year in
the creamery. But my junior and senior year, I was
pasteurized milk, made cottage cheese, make ice
cream, you know, that sort of thing. All of them
were real nice jobs. What corps are you in, where
you're with? Well, I was with the infantry. C
Company. They had a...
See, I was known as a day dodger. Everybody then
lived in the in the dormitory, or halls in the
dormitory halls. Everybody wore a uniform. Even
if you only had one leg, you wore a uniform. You were
non-military, but you wore a uniform and you were
subject. It was patterned out to the military cap.
Exactly right. There were some of us who lived off
campus or out of the halls. Well, some lived in
brines, particularly non-military. But it was
really a fine school. I think it's great now, but
it's a different school now. This was a... Let's
talk about the Depression for a minute. How did the
Depression affect your upbringing?
Well, I think it had a very positive influence. In
what way? learn to appreciate small things,
learning to get by and be happy with very little.
In some way, I guess a print to my mother, I said that
I never compared my life and say I got a dirty deal.
We're living on the poverty line. All the things
they emphasize now, you know, ghettos and all
that. We had a nice place to live, had clothes,
enough to eat, with very little money to spend.
I remember, fortunately, my father had a good
friend named Ben Hill, who worked in the grocery
store. And I'd get a penny. My mother would give me a
penny. I'd go to Ben Hill and ask for a penny's worth
of candy. Of course, he knew my father a long time.
He had an orphan. And he'd give me a big sack full of
candy for a penny.
So that's where I got my candy supply. Then I'd do
odd jobs around to mow grass. So the Depression, in
other words, gave you a value or appreciation for
money?
Well, not only money. A
certain amount of pride. See, it's like in the
cadet prayer. my line is to help me to live above the
level of the common mass, you know. And, of course,
I didn't even know about the cadet prayer at that
time. But I took great pride in not having much, but
living above the level of the common mass, without
stealing anything like that. But I appreciated
everything, what anybody would do. Because,
like, here in my mind, I think about Anybody say
candy? What the hell is that? I appreciate that
candy, although you say, well, that's a little
bordering on dishonest on Ben Hill's part, but not
so much. But I knew, and I didn't do that very often,
but I appreciated what it means to have candy. Now
we go to school, and the kids, their parents would
give them some money, and there's like old school,
a little candy store across the way. They all went
over there and got candy during the recess,
especially at lunchtime, after they'd come back
from eating. I didn't have any money then for the
candy, even though it only cost a nickel. But I
wasn't bitter. I didn't feel like I'd been dumped
upon. I accepted.
Sometimes, I'm not sure I could do that now, but I'm
just telling you, growing up, it had a good
positive effect. Right now, my wife accuses me of
being, of course, being Andrews, a Scotchman, of
being tight. For example, I've got to play golf,
and my brother-in-law from Dallas is a doctor. And
when he goes and plays golf, he doesn't think about
taking out the ball in Washington and so forth. He
uses new balls every time he plays, you know. I
could do that too, I don't play so much golf, I could
afford it. But do I have a, no. I don't even throw
away no water balls. And
it isn't because of the tie, it's because I just
reared in a different frame of reference. I don't
think I articulate that very well, but in my own
mind I don't know exactly. So I thought it was a
positive thing. Now you take this youngster of my
brother-in-law, who lives in Dallas with a
doctor, he does exactly like his father. He goes
out and plays golf. He uses a new ball. And he won't
even look one. He'll knock them way out there and
maybe look a little while. You know, to him, that's
just a golf ball. A dollar. He'll get more dollars
than that.
I really don't think that's healthy. I think
everybody shouldn't. I may not be extreme like I
am, but everybody should.
He's been reared. I wouldn't say they're wealthy,
but they're well off. This kid had a Camaro when he
was in high school. He thanks all that for granted.
And he doesn't have much patience with this poor
guy that lives down the street here that's working
his tail off, you know, not even no more than the
minimum wage. He's got a wife and three sick
children. So it gives you humility. Yeah. And it
stays with you all the time, a feeling for your
fellow man. And patience, too, with other people.
It teaches you patience. Did the Depression have
any impact on your political philosophy? During
this time, of course, Franklin Roosevelt came out
with his New Deal, and I was wondering if you
remember if you did or did not support Roosevelt.